**My path to graphics** \
Over the past few months, I've found myself drawn to graphics / low-level programming. A few months ago, I was watching Jane Street's [Building Machine Learning Systems for a Trillion Trillion Floating Point Operations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=139UPjoq7Kw), and something really clicked. Having spent the summer working with high-level machine learning, where the results are hard to predict and concepts are more abstract, thinking in terms of caches and threads felt much more concrete, and closer to what I'd done as a math student. I figured graphics would be a fun place to start, and OpenGL (though it abstracts away a lot of what I found appealing in GPU programming) seems to be the recommended first graphics API. (That being said, I am looking forward to learning CUDA, and actually went out and bought an NVIDIA GPU for that purpose).

I've been learning OpenGL through the oft-recommended [learnopengl.com](learnopengl.com). It really deserves its praise; it is quite comprehensive and pedagogically sound. I find it does just enough hand-holding, with thoughtful progressive overload and active recall. For example, in the *Hello Triangle* chapter, you learn to configure an Element Buffer Object (EBO) to combine triangles into a rectangle, then in the *Shaders* chapter you drop the EBO to focus on building shaders, but the *Textures* chapter uses a rectangle again, which requires you to go back and reconfigure your EBO -- but the book doesn't tell you this. It also gives you code snippets, but often doesn't tell you where they go, which forces you to think about how the rendering pipeline actually process data. You're treated like an active participant in the process, which avoids the very common reason tutorials can be useless. 
